welcome to another oil md wellness news
network video talking about ginger
essential oil of ginger now I love
ginger I'm basically described by some
people around the hospital as the ginger
doctor but actually I'm the oil md I
love all essential oils but I have a
product called ginger md and it's very
fabulous for treating post-operative
nausea and vomiting it's a big little
problem in the operating room and in
surgical recovery rooms in particular
because lots of things can cause nausea
in a hospital not and not the least of
which is you know anesthesia so i had to
find a way that worked and ginger md the
oil md has got a product ginger
essential oil of ginger as fabulous as a
root it's fabulous as a oil it's
fabulous is dried capsules and powders
but 10 aromatherapy Secrets Revealed
uses it in quite a few of the little
formulas there my wife would like to
scribe one of the wonderful things about
ginger for our families use so describe
to us how we use ginger at home here
well one of the ways we've used it in
the past is when we have a child that
has a fever something going on with
their health if its stomach problems we
use it on our tummy you can rub it on
their feet and put the socks on
afterwards it really helps it warms them
up and the other way that I like to use
it is sometimes if I'm in high altitude
I might get a headache maybe a little
bit of nausea I use it on my wrists and
the palms of my hands frequently and it
takes the migraine headaches away yeah
really all forms of nausea motion
sickness whether you're in a plane boat
car ginger really works fabulous for
treating motion it's got alcohols at the
show called ginger all and it reads
really works fabulously so that's why I
made a whole special product out of a
ginger md and I use it in the hospital
and in the
burning room for my patients and it
really works well so 10 aromatherapy
secrets that revealed is just for you
downloaded in the e-book and couple of
the formulas there are various chapters
you're going to love it